[Gateway] TLS decryption does not happen with DNI (#19929)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/tls-decryption.mdx

Cloudflare Gateway can perform [SSL/TLS decryption](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/security/what-is-https-inspection/) in order to inspect HTTPS traffic for malware and other security risks.

> When you enable TLS decryption, Gateway will decrypt all traffic sent over HTTPS, apply your HTTP policies, and then re-encrypt the request with a [user-side certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you turn on TLS decryption, Gateway will decrypt all traffic sent over HTTPS, apply your HTTP policies, and then re-encrypt the request with a [user-side certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/).
```
